God kidnapping
Zhou Tingting found someone to kidnap her sister-in-law
How is that possible?
No wonder.
Zhou Yuesheng broke off from his own sister
Relation, he's so vicious
How can it be for money?
Looking for someone to kidnap his sister-in-law?
This is too much.
Tingting is so good
Would never do such a thing
Aunt Lin
I can understand your love for your daughter.
But you don't have to miss
Just pour dirty water on Tingting
You are a little girl who reverses black and white
Yang Yujie
You know who is turning black and white
Who did this?
You know better
Sorry, I don't know.
I feel like we are all family
It doesn't have to be so bad
Director Yang didn't read yesterday's newspaper, did he?
The declaration of severance is my own
The person who confessed Zhou Tingting
I also personally sent it to the Public Security Bureau.
You can't go wrong with this.
Instead of you saying never forget
Say goodbye to charge me
Zhou Yueshen, I didn't mean that.
I'm just afraid that Tingting will be wronged
Whether Zhou Tingting was wronged has been defined
But is there anyone behind the scenes
Then we'll have to check again